Remove resource.WithBuiltinDetectors() which has not been maintained (#2097)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed the deprecated package `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/trace/jaeger`. (#2020)
- Removed the deprecated package `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/trace/zipkin`. (#2020)

> - Removed the resource.WithBuiltinDetectors() function in favor of explicit WithFeature() options for every built-in detector. (#2026)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/resource".WithBuiltinDetectors` function.
  The explicit `With*` options for every built-in detector should be used instead. (#2026 #2097)
```

Author: Done~, thanks for checking this PR for one more time.

- Removed the deprecated package `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/metric/prometheus`. (#2020)
- Removed the deprecated package `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/trace/jaeger`. (#2020)
- Removed the deprecated package `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/trace/zipkin`. (#2020)

> - Removed the resource.WithBuiltinDetectors() function which has not been maintained. (#2026)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed the resource.WithBuiltinDetectors() function in favor of explicit WithFeature() options for every built-in detector. (#2026)
```
